---
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
isBasedOnUrl: null
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-24T10:44:31.091Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-24T10:44:27.841Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-24-57ebe3d9-ccd3-4af5-aa16-c9637b0f7dbc.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
_type: Blurb

---
## Types of Pushchairs

**The three wheeler pushchair: **Looks trendy, a great pushchair to have especially if you live near the countryside and do a lot of walking. They are not usually suitable from birth although you can get attachments to adapt them. They are very easy to steer. May be heavy and bulky when folded down and you need to consider if it will fit in your car boot.

**Four wheeled Forward facing pushchair: **Light and maneuverable and can have a lie back facility suitable for newborn babies. Some are lighter than others.

**Buggies and strollers:******Many are not suitable for the very young babies as they do not have back support although some do, check before you buy. Robust and lightweight. Check for easy to operate one-hand fold mechanisms these are usually the best ones. Some have large accessible shopping baskets watch out for those that are small as they are usually inadequate for baby's things. Some do not even have a shopping basket. Check the buggy is comfortable and well padded, with good suspension and rain cover and is suitable for summer and winter use.

**Two-in-one pram / buggy: **Can be used in the lie flat position in the same way as a pram and also as an upright buggy. Some allow you to face baby towards you with a reversible body which you will find a comfort for young babies for the first few months.

**Three-in-one: **As the above, but with a separate detachable carrycot.

**Travel System pram / pushchair: **Some Prams or pushchairs also have a detachable carrycot system, and come with a clip-on car seat; these are great for keeping a baby asleep when transferring to or from the car. Watch out for weight, portability, maneuverability and cost.

**The good old fashioned upright pram: **Grandparents love them, comfortable for baby - but your child will quickly grow out of it, babies as early as three months old are very keen to look out and about and they take up a lot of room when you need to store it away.